Update engineering-for-scale.mdx (#15257)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/ai/engineering-for-scale.mdx

### Enterprise architecture

> This diagram provides an example architecture, allowing you to access the collections either with our client libraries or using Vecs. You can add as many secondary databases as you need, in this example, we show one only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram provides an example architecture that allows you to access the collections either with our client libraries or using Vecs. You can add as many secondary databases as you need (in this example, we only show one):
```
